# Helping-those-who-cannot
I am unable to stop a psychotic programmer stalker who is entrenching themselves in my life
Basically I am a 45 year old guy who is highly intelligent but completely noob at this stuff ( though I did learn MS DOS basic at age 9). I have PTSD and am basically a home body with minimal social contact so I game a lot for entertainment and relaxion. I have a stalker online and IRL who is messing with my PC and streaming my gaming to their server maybe. I don't know how to use dev tools in steam or in windows but they are both enabled and running on my PC. There is a guide partiion on my harddrive that I can't see or change, some programs show that multiple versions of windows is runnning on my PC for instance server versions, 7, vista. I only bought this PC 8 months ago from a department store and the current version is 19042.608, though in settings it says 20H2. I have tried to document this and talk to MS but they keep moving me around and suggesting a fresh install (which I have done many, i mean many times, using MS docs extensively to make sure I am doing it correctly). From what I can tell this is the place to do this kind of thing so I am reaching out to the people who can/ may be able to help me. I have tried to solve this myself but the expertise requiired is way above my ability, ask me about history and I could best you maybe but coding NO CHANCE. Please be kind and patient as I have a erratic schedule due tp my illness but all genuine enquires will be addressed. Thank you in advance, Rod
